whatever hey I can use B Sony video
eight handicam and one carries a pile of
that's kind of cool actually
oh it's capture card it's kind of cool
here is linking up some camera you can
see the LED gloving on it yeah let's
me near your YouTube compression
it hardly it still lets crap the
audio should be much better and adipose
we can zoom in on stuff such as it
zoomed in to make things pretty decent
focusing mechanism fine don't say so for
myself
and of course the lens cap can focus on
that video cameras generally have that
yeah has that sort of focus to it much
of an improvement isn't it hmm it looks
like mr. Handycam is gonna be very handy
indeed there's a nice general-purpose
webcam takeover stand of Rosie can we
obviously don't have the wide angle but
what's good I could position it wherever
I want
I can easily show you the mess in my
room but I'm not going to because
absolutely terrible I'm hoping to clean
up tomorrow morning but how likely that
is debatable oh it's the way mm-hmm
maybe I need a live chat oh yeah thanks
to those who came along although it
wasn't very long it probably about half
an hour where there was actually people
then and after that just became good I
don't know if the video store themselves
up on thingy so you can see the whole
thing if you really want to stare at a
piece of paper that has gone to dinner
be back soon don't get food get that
when the whole chatroom ends it out and
heading down a little what produce down
the road got some food
they played some game and then killed it
after that wasn't like quite good night
and no one knew was coming in there
really benefit from organization and
planning on a whole day dedicated to it
but that's actually gonna get day I can
dedicate to it we're also using the
microphone on the camera as you can see
sadly we've only got mono options
available the camera doesn't have stereo
output which is a real shame it record
stereo the two mics in there how to look
under some of the covers no manual
adjustments on the lens Oh sadly I like
the little twisty knobs and levers you
can pull the zoom they're kind of cool
there we go into bed soon because it
will need to be done my problem
something mankinis you go by loving jazz
the yeah I'm tired you can essentially
use on these cameras as CCTV camera
quite easily as well
this cameras great for recording CRT
footage on that sone you know which is
great things like the Mega Drive and
stuff that only has RF output for now
let's see this switches on the but there
we go so camera captures it reasonably
accurate to the colors
do it hazy here and there I think if
that seems to be more down to YouTube
compression rather with cam compression
I'm going to say rather than the camera
itself which is why these webcams which
have HD resolution are completely
pointless
one most people just don't have the
bandwidth to transmit actually until the
cameras don't truly support real HD
don't buy into the crap I'll be a while
before we have that kind of technology
more stained standardize I don't know
what we actually got out yet though I
have another husky that I got hold off I
haven't liked the video or discussed in
more detail which was a general Brown
but and also going into other stuff
which I probably shouldn't have how an
uploaded it yet there's no time to
decide whether I should or not I
probably when let's see if we got any
comments I don't really comment on
camera I don't know why I just do and so
we came Bob and there is nothing mm-hmm
what about the search lens
and there is nothing once again yay
you don't begin ball of his rambles keep
doing them you what we got the old
manager
I'm done too many round water recently
smashing the video there's a subject oh
yeah there's a video about the new Husky
there I am going to musical tune which
I'll show you
Oh CRT viewfinder looks awesome
what sort of stuff is it capturing hmm
hang on a minute
well he's capturing everything listen
the viewfinder this shade little thing I
did bear sick
yeah I kind of need to do more on that I
need to find out the Mario tunas and I
can do that and be fun so this thing's a
lot of fun I love these things
computers are awesome anyway
hmm who knows more of a test on the I'm
using this camera instead of the webcam
and it is a success so on that bombshell
it is time for me to go thanks for
watching and I hope you enjoyed